feat: renku native projects (#3376)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

0.49.0
------

> This release adds initial support for Renku native projects. Please note that the Renku native
> projects feature is still being developed and it is not accessible to users only to Renku developers.
> The release also contains bug fixes to renku core service related to project migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release contains bug fixes to renku core service related to project migration.

This release also contains initial support for next generation 'Renku 1.0' functionality. However,
Renku 1.0 is still in early development and is not yet accessible to users. For more information,
see our [roadmap](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-design-docs/blob/main/roadmap.md).
```

- **Core Service**: Fix issue with having to run project migration twice to migrate the Dockerfile/project template.

Internal Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**New Features**

> - **Data services**: Initial support for Renku native projects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data services**: Initial support for Renku 1.0 projects (alpha release)
```
